Refactor Combo Box Next and Dropdown Next (#2688)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: site/docs/components/combo-box/examples.mdx

More information can be found [in the W3C form instructions](https://www.w3.org/WAI/tutorials/forms/instructions/).

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="combo-box" exampleName="Variants" >

### Variants

The component has two variants: `primary` and `secondary`. The primary variant is set by default. Set to secondary with `variant=”secondary”`.

The choice between primary and secondary variants should be considered alongside the background color it sits upon.

Tip: The [forms pattern](/salt/patterns/forms) provides further guidance on primary versus secondary control selection. `ComboBoxNext` can be wrapped in a `FormField` when it’s displayed within a Form context. This provides functionality built into `FormField` for increased accessibility. For more information, refer to the [`FormField`](../form-field) guidance.

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="combo-box" exampleName="Disabled" >

### Disabled

> You can disable the dropdown if required, for instance if the access to the options needs to be restricted based on the current context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can disable the combo box if required, for instance if the access to the options needs to be restricted based on the current context.
```

Unlike read-only, the disabled state can change for the current user depending on context. Showing it in a disabled state allows the user to be aware of the presence of the control, without enabling access to its functionality temporarily.

> When `disabled={true}`, user will not be able to interact with dropdown. It does not receive focus on any interaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `disabled={true}`, user will not be able to interact with combo box. It does not receive focus on any interaction.
```

</LivePreview>
  
<LivePreview componentName="combo-box" exampleName="Validation" >

### Validation

`ComboBoxNext` can show validation states (warning, success, error) with the prop `validationStatus`.

#### Best practices

- Use the error state to alert the user of a critical issue that’s related to the input. This issue, which may jeopardize completion of the task, usually requires action from the user to resolve the error.
- Display the warning state when you need to alert the user of a potential issue—that won’t prevent the user from continuing with the task, but may cause errors if it’s not addressed.

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="combo-box" exampleName="CustomFiltering" >

### Custom filtering

Due to its flexible API, you can customize the filtering logic `ComboBoxNext` uses to suit your needs. In this example it displays the entire list of options when the combo box opens due to a mouse click.

</LivePreview>

<LivePreview componentName="combo-box" exampleName="ServerSideData" >

### Server side data

`ComboBoxNext` can be used to display data from a server. In this example, the data is fetched and filtered on the server side.

> Note that the data fetching in this example has been made intentionally show to highlight the loading states.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the data fetching in this example has been made intentionally slow to highlight the loading states.
```
